Tommy left the restaurant without leaving the waiter a tip.
Tommy accidentally left the restaurant without leaving the waiter a tip.
Don accessed Bert&lsquo;s private email.
Don accidentally accessed Bert&lsquo;s private email. Bert had checked his email on Don&lsquo;s computer and did not close the browser window.
Yolanda broke her grandmother&lsquo;s heirloom vase.
Yolanda intentionally broke her grandmother&lsquo;s heirloom vase.
When filing her tax returns, Amanda misreported her income.
Amanda intentionally misreported her income on her taxes because she wanted to have some extra money to spend on herself.
Jie tracked mud all over his mother&lsquo;s freshly cleaned floor.
Jie intentionally tracked mud all over his mother&lsquo;s freshly cleaned floor because he wanted to demonstrate the new cleaning device he bought for her.
Randy pulled out some of Eve&lsquo;s hair. 
Randy accidentally pulled out some of Eve&lsquo;s hair. He ran his hand through her hair while playfully pulling on it.
Sven broke the Wrights&lsquo; front window.
Sven accidentally broke the Wrights&lsquo; front window. He was playing football in a neighborhood park. The wind caught the ball and it broke the window.
Jean walked into the kitchen and startled Chuck.
Jean walked into the kitchen and intentionally startled Chuck.
Matt killed Frank.
Matt intentionally killed Frank because Frank picked up a gun and was about to shoot him. 
Jacob overlooked his old girlfriend at a party.
Jacob accidenally overlooked his old girlfriend at a party.
Emma kicked a dog.
Emma accidentally kicked the dog. She was dancing and not paying attention to her surroundings.
Neil fried the motherboard on Allen&lsquo;s computer.
Neil intentionally fried the motherboard on Allen&lsquo;s office computer because he didn&lsquo;t want Allen to meet a big deadline at work.
Tom put a large dent in Andrea&lsquo;s car.
Tom intentionally put a large dent in Andrea&lsquo;s car. Andrea broke up with him and he wanted to get back at her.
David bumped into a female classmate in the hall, knocking her down.
David accidentally bumped his classmate, knocking her down.
Liz took a t-shirt out of a store without paying.
Liz accidentally took a t-shirt out of the store without paying. She forgot she put the shirt in her bag with other clothes that she already paid for.
Drew gave a customer incorrect change.
Drew accidentally gave a customer the wrong change. The cash register malfunctioned and he gave back $1 instead of a $10.
Trent broke the lock on the shed in the Smiths&lsquo; backyard.
Trent intentionally broke the lock on the Smiths&lsquo; shed.
Ophelia burnt Roland&lsquo;s birthday meal.
Ophelia intentionally burnt Roland&lsquo;s birthday meal because she wanted an excuse to take him to a new restaurant she knew he wanted to visit.
While standing in line John hit the woman behind him with his elbow.
John intentionally hit the woman behind him with his elbow. 
Brianna, a daycare worker, fed an infant something that made him sick.
Brianna accidentally made the infant sick. She forgot that the food contained peanuts, which she knew the baby was allergic to. 
Katherine spray-painted what looked like graffiti on Jane&lsquo;s door.
Katherine intentionally spray-painted what looked like graffiti on Jane&lsquo;s door because she wanted to deface Jane&lsquo;s new front door.
Ted hit a man with his car.
Ted intentionally hit a man with his car because he saw the man had a knife and was chasing a young, frightened woman. 
Peter answered a phone call while at dinner with a date.
Peter accidentally answered the phone at dinner. He tried to silence the phone but it didn’t work and the caller started to speak. 
Charles gave Wayne a black eye.
Charles accidentally gave Wayne a black eye.
Jim kicked Aaron hard in the shin.
Jim intentionally kicked Aaron because he wanted to prevent Aaron from telling a hurtful rumor about a friend.
Eric broke Monica&lsquo;s arm.
Eric intentionally broke Monica&lsquo;s arm because he wanted to prevent Monica from playing in an important basketball game.
Barry, an agent for the CIA, divulged a sensitive government secret to a foreign spy.
Barry accidentally divulged a government secret to a foreign spy. Barry was told by his superiors that the spy was definitely on their side.
By endorsing a new company program Bob damaged a local wildlife preserve.
Bob accidentally damaged a local wildlife preserve.  He forgot to read the environmental impact report describing potential damages. 
Fred told his friend the wrong wedding date.
Fred accidentally told his friend the wrong wedding date.
Lisa shot Tom in the arm.
Lisa intentionally shot Tom in the arm. 
Paul gave Brittany a deep knife wound in her leg.
Paul accidentally gave Brittany a deep knife wound in her leg. While practicing spinning a kitchen knife in the air it fell out of his hand and landed in Brittany&lsquo;s calf.
Ryan set the Andersons&lsquo; house on fire.
Ryan intentionally set the Andersons&lsquo; house on fire because their house was actually a giant meth lab.
Marissa, who is not handicapped, took the very last handicapped parking space in the lot.
Marissa accidentally took the very last handicapped parking space.
Ava sunbathed on a public beach nude.
Ava intentionally went sunbathing nude on a public beach.
Alice broke Jane&lsquo;s pearl necklace. 
Alice intentionally broke Jane&lsquo;s pearl necklace because she was jealous of how pretty the necklace was and how happy it made Jane. 
Veronica started a forest fire.
Veronica accidentally started a massive forest fire. She properly extinguished her campfire; however, a small ember on the bottom reignited and spread.
