Tommy left the restaurant without leaving the waiter a tip.
Tommy accidentally left the restaurant without leaving the waiter a tip. The bill indicated that the tip was added to the bill, but it was not.
Don accessed Bert&lsquo;s private email.
Don intentionally accessed Bert&lsquo;s private email. 
Yolanda broke her grandmother&lsquo;s heirloom vase.
Yolanda intentionally broke her grandmother&lsquo;s heirloom vase because her grandmother asked her to get rid of it.
When filing her tax returns, Amanda misreported her income.
Amanda accidentally misreported her income on her taxes.
Jie tracked mud all over his mother&lsquo;s freshly cleaned floor.
Jie accidentally tracked mud all over his mother&lsquo;s freshly cleaned floor. He didn&lsquo;t check to see if his shoes were muddy.
Randy pulled out some of Eve&lsquo;s hair. 
Randy pulled out some of Eve&lsquo;s hair because he wanted to hurt her.
Sven broke the Wrights&lsquo; front window.
Sven intentionally broke the Wrights&lsquo; front window because he wanted to frighten the Wrights and get them to move out of the neighborhood.
Jean walked into the kitchen and startled Chuck.
Jean walked into the kitchen and accidentally startled Chuck.
Matt killed Frank.
Matt accidentally killed Frank. Matt gave Frank  expired medicine because he didn&lsquo;t read the expiration label on the box.
Jacob overlooked his old girlfriend at a party.
Jacob accidenally overlooked his old girlfriend at a party. He didn&lsquo;t know she was at the party.
Emma kicked a dog.
Emma intentionally kicked the dog.
Neil fried the motherboard on Allen&lsquo;s computer.
Neil intentionally fried the motherboard on Allen&lsquo;s office computer to prevent Allen from releasing a harmful computer virus at work.
Tom put a large dent in Andrea&lsquo;s car.
Tom intentionally put a large dent in Andrea&lsquo;s car.
David bumped into a female classmate in the hall, knocking her down.
David accidentally bumped his classmate. David was not watching where he was walking.
Liz took a t-shirt out of a store without paying.
Liz intentionally took a t-shirt out of the store without paying because she wanted the shirt but thought it was overpriced.
Drew gave a customer incorrect change.
Drew intentionally gave a customer the wrong change so that the difference could be donated to a local children&lsquo;s hospital.
Trent broke the lock on the shed in the Smiths&lsquo; backyard.
Trent accidentally broke the lock on the Smiths&lsquo; shed. The lock looked new but was corroded inside.
Ophelia burnt Roland&lsquo;s birthday meal.
Ophelia accidentally burnt Roland&lsquo;s birthday meal.
While standing in line John hit the woman behind him with his elbow.
John intentionally hit the woman behind him with his elbow because the woman was trying to cut in line.
Brianna, a daycare worker, fed an infant something that made him sick.
Brianna intentionally made the infant sick because the baby was crying a lot, annoying Brianna, and she wanted to get rid of the baby.
Katherine spray-painted what looked like graffiti on Jane&lsquo;s door.
Katherine accidentally spray-painted what looked like graffiti on Jane&lsquo;s door. The spray-can was mislabeled, and Katherine thought she was spraying sealant on the door. 
Ted hit a man with his car.
Ted accidentally hit a man with his car. Ted didn&lsquo;t check his blind spot before backing up.
Peter answered a phone call while at dinner with a date.
Peter accidentally answered the phone at dinner. 
Charles gave Wayne a black eye.
Charles intentionally gave Wayne a black eye.
Jim kicked Aaron hard in the shin.
Jim accidentally kicked Aaron. Jim was was not paying attention and didn&lsquo;t notice Aaron in front of him.
Eric broke Monica&lsquo;s arm.
Eric intentionally broke Monica&lsquo;s arm. Monica&lsquo;s arm was not healing correctly and Eric needed to reset the bone.
Barry, an agent for the CIA, divulged a sensitive government secret to a foreign spy.
Barry accidentally divulged a government secret to a foreign spy.
By endorsing a new company program Bob damaged a local wildlife preserve.
Bob intentionally damaged a local wildlife preserve. 
Fred told his friend the wrong wedding date.
Fred intentionally told his friend the wrong wedding date because he wanted to make it look like the friend was skipping the wedding.
Lisa shot Tom in the arm.
Lisa accidentally shot Tom in the arm. Her father-in-law had left it loaded and it went off when she was cleaning it.
Paul gave Brittany a deep knife wound in her leg.
Paul accidentally gave Brittany a deep knife wound in her leg.
Ryan set the Andersons&lsquo; house on fire.
Ryan accidentally set the Andersons&lsquo; house on fire. He was burning leaves at a safe distance from the house, but due to a strong wind gust it spread to the house.
Marissa, who is not handicapped, took the very last handicapped parking space in the lot.
Marissa intentionally took the very last handicapped parking space.
Ava sunbathed on a public beach nude.
Ava intentionally went sunbathing nude on a public beach because she enjoyed the attention she received from all the other people.
Alice broke Jane&lsquo;s pearl necklace. 
Alice intentionally broke Jane&lsquo;s pearl necklace because Jane had stolen the necklace and Alice wanted to prevent her from selling it for profit.
Veronica started a forest fire.
Veronica accidentally started a forest fire. She did not properly extinguished her campfire; she left several small embers which reignited and spread.
