Tommy left the restaurant without leaving the waiter a tip.
Tommy intentionally left the restaurant without leaving the waiter a tip.
Don accessed Bert&lsquo;s private email.
Don accidentally accessed Bert&lsquo;s private email. Because they have the same type of computer, Don mistook Bert&lsquo;s computer for his own.
Yolanda broke her grandmother&lsquo;s heirloom vase.
Yolanda intentionally broke her grandmother&lsquo;s heirloom vase because she didn&lsquo;t want her older sister to inherit it.
When filing her tax returns, Amanda misreported her income.
Amanda intentionally misreported her income on her taxes because she thought her tax was too low and wanted to pay her fair share. 
Jie tracked mud all over his mother&lsquo;s freshly cleaned floor.
Jie accidentally tracked mud all over his mother&lsquo;s freshly cleaned floor. He cleaned his shoes on the doormat, but it was dirty.
Randy pulled out some of Eve&lsquo;s hair. 
Randy accidentally pulled out some of Eve&lsquo;s hair. 
Sven broke the Wrights&lsquo; front window.
Sven intentionally broke the Wrights&lsquo; front window because a burglar was in the house and Sven wanted to set off the alarm.
Jean walked into the kitchen and startled Chuck.
Jean walked into the kitchen and intentionally startled Chuck. Jean wanted to really scare Chuck.
Matt killed Frank.
Matt accidentally killed Frank. Matt unwittingly gave Frank expired medicine because the box did not have an expiration label.
Jacob overlooked his old girlfriend at a party.
Jacob accidenally overlooked his old girlfriend at a party. He forgot that she was coming to the party.
Emma kicked a dog.
Emma accidentally kicked the dog.
Neil fried the motherboard on Allen&lsquo;s computer.
Neil intentionally fried the motherboard on Allen&lsquo;s office computer.
Tom put a large dent in Andrea&lsquo;s car.
Tom accidentally put a large dent in Andrea&lsquo;s car. He tried to stop his car, but he pressed the gas pedal instead of the brakes.
David bumped into a female classmate in the hall, knocking her down.
David intentionally bumped his classmate to prevent her from stepping in dog poop.
Liz took a t-shirt out of a store without paying.
Liz accidentally took a t-shirt out of the store without paying.
Drew gave a customer incorrect change.
Drew intentionally gave a customer incorrect change.
Trent broke the lock on the shed in the Smiths&lsquo; backyard.
Trent intentionally broke the lock on the Smiths&lsquo; shed because he wanted to steal some of the Smith&lsquo;s power-tools.
Ophelia burnt Roland&lsquo;s birthday meal.
Ophelia accidentally burnt Roland&lsquo;s birthday meal. The oven temperature was miscalibrated, so the dinner cooked at 450 instead of 350.
While standing in line John hit the woman behind him with his elbow.
John accidentally hit the woman behind him with his elbow. 
Brianna, a daycare worker, fed an infant something that made him sick.
Brianna accidentally made the infant sick. It turned out that the food contained peanuts, which the baby was allergic to.
Katherine spray-painted what looked like graffiti on Jane&lsquo;s door.
Katherine intentionally spray-painted what looked like graffiti on Jane&lsquo;s door.
Ted hit a man with his car.
Ted intentionally hit a man with his car because he was in a hurry and did not feel like waiting on the man to cross the street.
Peter answered a phone call while at dinner with a date.
Peter intentionally answered the phone at dinner because he was waiting to hear about his brother&lsquo;s surgery.
Charles gave Wayne a black eye.
Charles accidentally gave Wayne a black eye. They were playing catch. Charles threw the ball to Wayne when he was not expecting it.
Jim kicked Aaron hard in the shin.
Jim accidentally kicked Aaron. Jim had a migrane and could not see clearly in front of him.
Eric broke Monica&lsquo;s arm.
Eric intentionally broke Monica&lsquo;s arm.
Barry, an agent for the CIA, divulged a sensitive government secret to a foreign spy.
Barry intentionally divulged a government secret to a foreign spy. Barry is a double agent and was providing false information.
By endorsing a new company program Bob damaged a local wildlife preserve.
Bob accidentally damaged a local wildlife preserve. 
Fred told his friend the wrong wedding date.
Fred accidentally told his friend the wrong wedding date because he was distracted and wrote down the wrong date.
Lisa shot Tom in the arm.
Lisa intentionally shot Tom in the arm because she thought Tom might leave her and couldn&lsquo;t bear to see him with anyone else.
Paul gave Brittany a deep knife wound in her leg.
Paul intentionally gave Brittany a deep knife wound in her leg because he wanted to hurt her and scar her beautiful legs.
Ryan set the Andersons&lsquo; house on fire.
Ryan accidentally set the Andersons&lsquo; house on fire.
Marissa, who is not handicapped, took the very last handicapped parking space in the lot.
Marissa accidentally took the very last handicapped parking space. The sign was concealed but the handicap marking on the ground was clearly visible.
Ava sunbathed on a public beach nude.
Ava accidentally went sunbathing nude on a public beach. She thought it was a nude beach because the signs prohibiting nude sunbathing were missing.
Alice broke Jane&lsquo;s pearl necklace. 
Alice intentionally broke Jane&lsquo;s pearl necklace. 
Veronica started a forest fire.
Veronica intentionally started a forest fire because she is a firefighter and wanted to prevent a larger fire from breaking out.
