Tommy left the restaurant without leaving the waiter a tip.
Tommy intentionally left the restaurant without leaving the waiter a tip because he didn&lsquo;t want to waste money on being nice.
Don accessed Bert&lsquo;s private email.
Don accidentally accessed Bert&lsquo;s private email. 
Yolanda broke her grandmother&lsquo;s heirloom vase.
Yolanda accidentally broke her grandmother&lsquo;s heirloom vase. She was helping her grandmother move and packed the vase with thin paper.
When filing her tax returns, Amanda misreported her income.
Amanda accidentally misreported her income on her taxes. Her employer provided her with an incorrect W2.
Jie tracked mud all over his mother&lsquo;s freshly cleaned floor.
Jie intentionally tracked mud all over his mother&lsquo;s freshly cleaned floor.
Randy pulled out some of Eve&lsquo;s hair. 
Randy pulled out some of Eve&lsquo;s hair because she needed a few hairs for a genetic test.
Sven broke the Wrights&lsquo; front window.
Sven intentionally broke the Wrights&lsquo; front window.
Jean walked into the kitchen and startled Chuck.
Jean walked into the kitchen and accidentally startled Chuck, though she saw that Chuck had earphones plugged in and had music on.
Matt killed Frank.
Matt intentionally killed Frank because he wanted to collect the insurance money for Frank&lsquo;s death.
Jacob overlooked his old girlfriend at a party.
Jacob intentionally overlooked his old girlfriend at a party. They had a bad break up and he didn&lsquo;t want to upset her. 
Emma kicked a dog.
Emma accidentally kicked the dog. She was carrying a stack of boxes and couldn&lsquo;t see the dog step in front of her. 
Neil fried the motherboard on Allen&lsquo;s computer.
Neil accidentally fried the motherboard on Allen&lsquo;s computer.
Tom put a large dent in Andrea&lsquo;s car.
Tom intentionally put a large dent in Andrea&lsquo;s car.  He was trying to prevent it from sliding off the icy road. 
David bumped into a female classmate in the hall, knocking her down.
David intentionally bumped his classmate because he wanted her to stagger and look silly.
Liz took a t-shirt out of a store without paying.
Liz accidentally took a t-shirt out of the store without paying. Someone slipped the shirt in her bag with other clothes that she already paid for.
Drew gave a customer incorrect change.
Drew accidentally gave a customer the wrong change. Without looking at the bills he gave back $1 instead of a $10.
Trent broke the lock on the shed in the Smiths&lsquo; backyard.
Trent accidentally broke the lock on the Smiths&lsquo; shed.
Ophelia burnt Roland&lsquo;s birthday meal.
Ophelia intentionally burnt Roland&lsquo;s birthday meal.
While standing in line John hit the woman behind him with his elbow.
John accidentally hit the woman behind him with his elbow. He didn&lsquo;t pay attention to those behind him when he put his jacket on.
Brianna, a daycare worker, fed an infant something that made him sick.
Brianna intentionally made the infant sick. The baby had just eaten something poisonous and Brianna needed to make the baby throw it up.
Katherine spray-painted what looked like graffiti on Jane&lsquo;s door.
Katherine accidentally spray-painted what looked like graffiti on Jane&lsquo;s door.
Ted hit a man with his car.
Ted intentionally hit a man with his car.
Peter answered a phone call while at dinner with a date.
Peter intentionally answered the phone at dinner because he wanted an excuse to not have to talk with his date.
Charles gave Wayne a black eye.
Charles accidentally gave Wayne a black eye. They were playing catch. Charles threw the ball to Wayne but Wayne miscalculated its path.
Jim kicked Aaron hard in the shin.
Jim accidentally kicked Aaron.
Eric broke Monica&lsquo;s arm.
Eric accidentally broke Monica&lsquo;s arm. They were  sparring and Eric tripped and fell on her arm.
Barry, an agent for the CIA, divulged a sensitive government secret to a foreign spy.
Barry intentionally divulged a government secret to a foreign spy.
By endorsing a new company program Bob damaged a local wildlife preserve.
Bob intentionally damaged a local wildlife preserve becasue endorsing the new company program would earn him a big promotion with a big salary. 
Fred told his friend the wrong wedding date.
Fred intentionally told his friend the wrong wedding date because the friend was the bride&lsquo;s Ex and wanted to crash the wedding.
Lisa shot Tom in the arm.
Lisa accidentally shot Tom in the arm. She was cleaning the gun, but she forgot to check whether it was loaded.
Paul gave Brittany a deep knife wound in her leg.
Paul accidentally gave Brittany a deep knife wound in her leg. While he was putting away a kitchen knife, Brittany startled him and he dropped the knife. 
Ryan set the Andersons&lsquo; house on fire.
Ryan intentionally set the Andersons&lsquo; house on fire.
Marissa, who is not handicapped, took the very last handicapped parking space in the lot.
Marissa intentionally took the very last handicapped parking space because she didn&lsquo;t want her grandmother to have to walk very far.
Ava sunbathed on a public beach nude.
Ava accidentally went sunbathing nude on a public beach
Alice broke Jane&lsquo;s pearl necklace. 
Alice accidentally broke Jane&lsquo;s pearl necklace. Alice pulled too hard on the necklace when she was looking at it.
Veronica started a forest fire.
Veronica intentionally started a forest fire because she loves attention and wanted to get on the local news channel.
