Tommy left the restaurant without leaving the waiter a tip.
Tommy accidentally left the restaurant without leaving the waiter a tip. He assumed it had been added to the bill but did not check.
Don accessed Bert&lsquo;s private email.
Don intentionally accessed Bert&lsquo;s private email because Bert couldn&lsquo;t get to his computer and asked Don to check something.
Yolanda broke her grandmother&lsquo;s heirloom vase.
Yolanda accidentally broke her grandmother&lsquo;s heirloom vase.
When filing her tax returns, Amanda misreported her income.
Amanda intentionally misreported her income on her taxes.
Jie tracked mud all over his mother&lsquo;s freshly cleaned floor.
Jie intentionally tracked mud all over his mother&lsquo;s freshly cleaned floor because he was in a bad mood and wanted to annoy his mother to make himself feel better.
Randy pulled out some of Eve&lsquo;s hair. 
Randy pulled out some of Eve&lsquo;s hair. He ran his hand through her hair, not knowing she recently started chemo treatments. 
Sven broke the Wrights&lsquo; front window.
Sven accidentally broke the Wrights&lsquo; front window.
Jean walked into the kitchen and startled Chuck.
Jean walked into the kitchen and accidentally startled Chuck. She didn&lsquo;t know that Chuck had earphones in and couldn&lsquo;t hear her come in.
Matt killed Frank.
Matt intentionally killed Frank.
Jacob overlooked his old girlfriend at a party.
Jacob intentionally overlooked his old girlfriend at a party because he wanted to make her feel left out and alone.
Emma kicked a dog.
Emma intentionally kicked the dog to prevent it from attacking her little sister.
Neil fried the motherboard on Allen&lsquo;s computer.
Neil accidentally fried the motherboard on Allen&lsquo;s computer. Neil forgot to ground his tools when working on the computer and the motherboard shorted out.
Tom put a large dent in Andrea&lsquo;s car.
Tom accidentally put a large dent in Andrea&lsquo;s car. He slipped as he was walking past the car and his shoulder hit the car.
David bumped into a female classmate in the hall, knocking her down.
David intentionally bumped his classmate, knocking her down. 
Liz took a t-shirt out of a store without paying.
Liz intentionally took a t-shirt out of the store without paying because it was part of a store promotion.
Drew gave a customer incorrect change.
Drew accidentally gave a customer incorrect change.
Trent broke the lock on the shed in the Smiths&lsquo; backyard.
Trent accidentally broke the lock on the Smiths&lsquo; shed. The lock was obviously old and fragile.
Ophelia burnt Roland&lsquo;s birthday meal.
Ophelia intentionally burnt Roland&lsquo;s birthday meal because she wanted to really hurt Roland&lsquo;s feelings by ruining his birthday.
While standing in line John hit the woman behind him with his elbow.
John intentionally hit the woman behind him with his elbow because he was tired of her talking on the phone.
Brianna, a daycare worker, fed an infant something that made him sick.
Brianna accidentally made the infant  sick.
Katherine spray-painted what looked like graffiti on Jane&lsquo;s door.
Katherine accidentally spray-painted what looked like graffiti on Jane&lsquo;s door. Katherine thought she was spraying sealant on the door, but the can was clearly marked as red spray paint.
Ted hit a man with his car.
Ted accidentally hit a man with his car. Ted&lsquo;s brakes failed to work. 
Peter answered a phone call while at dinner with a date.
Peter intentionally answered the phone at dinner.
Charles gave Wayne a black eye.
Charles intentionally gave Wayne a black eye because Wayne assaulted Charles&lsquo; girlfriend.
Jim kicked Aaron hard in the shin.
Jim intentionally kicked Aaron.
Eric broke Monica&lsquo;s arm.
Eric accidentally broke Monica&lsquo;s arm. They were  sparring and Eric didn&lsquo;t pull his punch in time.
Barry, an agent for the CIA, divulged a sensitive government secret to a foreign spy.
Barry intentionally divulged a government secret to a foreign spy because he wanted to make a lot of money selling secrets.
By endorsing a new company program Bob damaged a local wildlife preserve.
Bob intentionally damaged a local wildlife preserve because he knew it would recover within a year and the program would create 1,000 new jobs.
Fred told his friend the wrong wedding date.
Fred accidentally told his friend the wrong wedding date because the groom had informed Fred of the wrong date.
Lisa shot Tom in the arm.
Lisa accidentally shot Tom in the arm. 
Paul gave Brittany a deep knife wound in her leg.
Paul intentionally gave Brittany a deep knife wound in her leg because she was bitten by a snake and Paul was trying to remove the poison.
Ryan set the Andersons&lsquo; house on fire.
Ryan intentionally set the Andersons&lsquo; house on fire because he didn’t like that their house was so big.
Marissa, who is not handicapped, took the very last handicapped parking space in the lot.
Marissa accidentally took the very last handicapped parking space. There was no sign and the handicap marking on the ground had worn away.
Ava sunbathed on a public beach nude.
Ava accidentally went sunbathing nude on a public beach. She thought it was a nude beach because she missed the signs prohibiting nude sunbathing.
Alice broke Jane&lsquo;s pearl necklace. 
Alice accidentally broke Jane&lsquo;s pearl necklace. 
Veronica started a forest fire.
Veronica intentionally started a forest fire.
