Tommy left the restaurant without leaving the waiter a tip.
Tommy intentionally left the restaurant without leaving the waiter a tip because the waiter was  rude and insulted Tommy&lsquo;s family.
Don accessed Bert&lsquo;s private email.
Don intentionally accessed Bert&lsquo;s private email because Don wanted to steal Bert&lsquo;s password to his online bank account.
Yolanda broke her grandmother&lsquo;s heirloom vase.
Yolanda accidentally broke her grandmother&lsquo;s heirloom vase. She was helping her grandmother move and a mover bumped her from behind. 
When filing her tax returns, Amanda misreported her income.
Amanda accidentally misreported her income on her taxes. She did not carefully review her tax information.
Jie tracked mud all over his mother&lsquo;s freshly cleaned floor.
Jie accidentally tracked mud all over his mother&lsquo;s freshly cleaned floor.
Randy pulled out some of Eve&lsquo;s hair. 
Randy intentionally pulled out some of Eve&lsquo;s hair. 
Sven broke the Wrights&lsquo; front window.
Sven accidentally broke the Wrights&lsquo; front window. He was playing baseball too close to the house and accidentally hit a ball through the window.
Jean walked into the kitchen and startled Chuck.
Jean walked into the kitchen and intentionally startled Chuck. Jean wanted to surprise Chuck with a gift.
Matt killed Frank.
Matt accidentally killed Frank.
Jacob overlooked his old girlfriend at a party.
Jacob intentionally overlooked his old girlfriend at a party.
Emma kicked a dog.
Emma intentionally kicked the dog because she wanted to vent her frustration.
Neil fried the motherboard on Allen&lsquo;s computer.
Neil accidentally fried the motherboard on Allen&lsquo;s computer. Neil grounded his tools before working on the computer, but the computer was miswired and shorted out.
Tom put a large dent in Andrea&lsquo;s car.
Tom accidentally put a large dent in Andrea&lsquo;s car.
David bumped into a female classmate in the hall, knocking her down.
David accidentally bumped into his classmate. David is blind and couldn&lsquo;t see his classmate.
Liz took a t-shirt out of a store without paying.
Liz intentionally took a t-shirt out of the store without paying.
Drew gave a customer incorrect change.
Drew intentionally gave a customer the wrong change because he wanted to keep the extra money for himself.
Trent broke the lock on the shed in the Smiths&lsquo; backyard.
Trent intentionally broke the lock on the Smiths&lsquo; shed because his dog was locked in the shed and wanted out.
Ophelia burnt Roland&lsquo;s birthday meal.
Ophelia accidentally burnt  Roland&lsquo;s birthday meal. She set the oven incorrectly, so the dinner cooked at 450 instead of 350.
While standing in line John hit the woman behind him with his elbow.
John accidentally hit the woman behind him with his elbow. He didn&lsquo;t know someone was behind him when he put his jacket on. 
Brianna, a daycare worker, fed an infant something that made him sick.
Brianna intentionally made the infant  sick.
Katherine spray-painted what looked like graffiti on Jane&lsquo;s door.
Katherine intentionally spray-painted what looked like graffiti on Jane&lsquo;s door because it was Halloween and Katherine was helping decorate.
Ted hit a man with his car.
Ted accidentally hit a man with his car.
Peter answered a phone call while at dinner with a date.
Peter accidentally answered the phone at dinner. He meant to silence the phone but pressed the wrong button and the caller started to speak.
Charles gave Wayne a black eye.
Charles intentionally gave Wayne a black eye because he didn&lsquo;t like Wayne.
Jim kicked Aaron hard in the shin.
Jim intentionally kicked Aaron because he thought it would be funny to hurt Aaron and watch him hobble around.
Eric broke Monica&lsquo;s arm.
Eric accidentally broke Monica&lsquo;s arm.
Barry, an agent for the CIA, divulged a sensitive government secret to a foreign spy.
Barry accidentally divulged a government secret to a foreign spy. Barry was told by his superiors that they were unsure if the spy was on their side. 
By endorsing a new company program Bob damaged a local wildlife preserve.
Bob accidentally damaged a local wildlife preserve. He read the environmental impact report and it did not mention such a possibility.
Fred told his friend the wrong wedding date.
Fred intentionally told his friend the wrong wedding date. 
Lisa shot Tom in the arm.
Lisa intentionally shot Tom in the arm because he was breaking into her home and she was trying to defend herself and her children.
Paul gave Brittany a deep knife wound in her leg.
Paul intentionally gave Brittany a deep knife wound in her leg.
Ryan set the Andersons&lsquo; house on fire.
Ryan accidentally set the Andersons&lsquo;s house on fire. He was burning leaves too close to the house and not paying very close attention to the fire which spread to the house.
Marissa, who is not handicapped, took the very last handicapped parking space in the lot.
Marissa intentionally took the very last handicapped parking space because she wanted to park as close as possible to the store.
Ava sunbathed on a public beach nude.
Ava intentionally went sunbathing nude on a public beach because she was doing a photo-shoot for a top-tier fashion magazine. 
Alice broke Jane&lsquo;s pearl necklace. 
Alice accidentally broke Jane&lsquo;s pearl necklace. The necklace turned out to be old and broke at the slightest touch.
Veronica started a forest fire.
Veronica accidentally started a forest fire.
